Add WW3 workflow doc (#614)
ACCESS-NRI/access-om3-configs: documentation/docs/pages/WW3_setup_and_workflow.md

## MOM6-CICE6-WW3 in ACCESS-OM3

### Overview: Traditional vs Coupled Configurations

> In the ACCESS-OM3, the traditional configuration includes the ocean model (MOM6) coupled with the sea-ice model (CICE6). Introducing the wave model (WAVEWATCH III, or WW3) as a third component adds additional complexity to the coupled system. This documentation outlines how the **MOM6–CICE6–WW3 coupled system** differs from the standard MOM6–CICE6 setup, focusing on the additional intricacies introduced by WW3. Key differences include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the ACCESS-OM3, the typical configurations include the ocean model (MOM6) coupled with the sea-ice model (CICE6). Introducing the wave model (WAVEWATCH III, or WW3) as a third component adds additional complexity to the coupled system. This documentation outlines how the **MOM6–CICE6–WW3 coupled system** differs from the standard MOM6–CICE6 setup, focusing on the additional intricacies introduced by WW3. Key differences include:
```
